NFR Test Results for NGF version 1.6.0 (#3013)
nginx/nginx-gateway-fabric: tests/results/longevity/1.6.0/plus.md

10.128.0.34 - - [14/Jan/2025:06:29:09 +0000] "GET /coffee HTTP/1.1" 502 150 "-" "-"
2025/01/14 06:29:09 [error] 216#216: *345664926 no live upstreams while connecting to upstream, client: 10.128.0.34, server: cafe.example.com, request: "GET /coffee HTTP/1.1", upstream: "http://longevity_coffee_80/coffee", host: "cafe.example.com"

```

### Key Metrics

#### Containers memory

![plus-memory.png](plus-memory.png)

#### NGF Container Memory

![plus-ngf-memory.png](plus-ngf-memory.png)

### Containers CPU

![plus-cpu.png](plus-cpu.png)

### NGINX Plus metrics

![plus-status.png](plus-status.png)

### Reloads

Rate of reloads - successful and errors:

![plus-reloads.png](plus-reloads.png)

Note: compared to OSS NGINX, we don't have as many reloads here, because NGF uses NGINX Plus API to reconfigure NGINX
for endpoints changes.

Reload time distribution - counts:

![plus-reload-time.png](plus-reload-time.png)

## Comparison with previous results

> Graphs look similar to 1.4.0 results. CPU usage increased slightly. There was a noticeable error sometime two days in
> where memory usage dipped heavily and so did the NGINX plus status, which could a test error instead of product error.
> There looked to be a reload event where past results didn't have one. NGINX errors differ from previous results errors but
> are consistent with errors seen in the 1.6.0 test suite. NGF error is something to keep an eye on. The NGINX errors did not coincide
> with the abnormalities on any of the graphs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Graphs look similar to 1.5.0 results. CPU usage increased slightly. There was a noticeable error sometime two days in
where memory usage dipped heavily and so did the NGINX plus status, which could be a test error instead of product error.
There looked to be a reload event where past results didn't have one. NGINX errors differ from previous results errors but
are consistent with errors seen in the 1.5.0 test suite. NGF error is something to keep an eye on. The NGINX errors did not coincide
with the abnormalities on any of the graphs.
```
